In the United States, thirteen out of twenty cans are recycled.
What proportion of cans are recycled?
If thirteen of the twenty cans are recycled.
If thirteen on twenty,
It can be written thirteen divided by twenty, or thirteen by twenty.
If we do this, we will get a decimal fraction,
The decimal fraction can be converted to
Percentage directly.
Thirteen division of twenty.
In this case, divide the smaller number
On the largest number.
If we get a value less than one true.
And because we will get a value less than one,
I'll put a decimal point here.
I will add some zeros,
As much as we need.
We can say: Twentieth in the number thirteen times zero.
Zero hit twenty equals zero.
Now thirteen minus minus equals thirteen.
Now let us down this zero.
Now there are twenty in the hundred and thirty?
Lennar, there is - five hit twenty equals one hundred.
Six struck twenty equals one hundred and twenty.
If it repeats six times.
Subtract.
And get ten.
Let us go down another zero.
Twentieth times are repeated five times in the 100th number.
Five hit twenty equals a hundred.
So are you here?
This written as a decimal fraction, is sixty-five percent.
A decimal fraction is sixty-five of a hundred.
If we want to write it as a percentage
We must multiply it by a hundred.
Or, you can move the decimal point
By two places to the right.
This will equal sixty-five percent.
Now, there is another way to solve.
You can say, literally% means literally
Per hundred.
Thirteen out of twenty equals (what) a hundred?
To convert twenty to a hundred - lance rugs.
To convert twenty to one hundred, hit it in five.
Let's hit the rugs in five as well.
Thirteen struck five, for Len, fifteen plus fifty, and equal sixty-five.
This method is faster
To resolve, especially if considered
Conversion from twenty to one hundred is easy.
Because you hit the number by five.
We can do the same with Thirteen.
Thus we get sixty-five on a hundred,
It is the same as the sixty-five,
Let me write a percent symbol - sixty-five percent.
For reminders only, the ratio literally means
Per hundred, sixty-five percent.